hi guys I'm welcome to cooking with
karma now on Monday I showed you how to
make those absolutely scrumptious onion
rings and today we're going to make some
equally scrumptious hash browns now
we're not going to deep-fry them we're
going to pan fry them and throw in some
sweet potatoes some onions and a bit of
spice
so I really hope you enjoy this one
let's get started and I'll show you just
how to make them so the first thing
we're going to do is partially boil our
potatoes now about 5 to 7 minutes should
do it while they're doing their thing
into a pan with a little bit of oil
we're going to cook up some onions now
we're going to cook the onions for about
the same time as the potatoes until
they're nice and soft and they develop
just a touch of color then we're going
to give them another quick chop until
they're nice and fine once our potatoes
have been drained and cooled it's time
to grate them up once they're all grated
we're going to add our potato and the
onion into a bowl we're going to season
it with some pepper a little touch of
chili powder
and some garlic salt then we're just
going to give everything a good mix
until it's well combined
then we're going to place our mixture
into the fridge for about 20 minutes
till it firms up then it's simply
putting them together into the shape of
the hash brown and popping them into a
pan with some oil now depending on how
you like your grease factor you can
either do like a shallow fry or you
don't need to use much oil at all they
turn out great
either way so on a medium to high heat
we're just going to cook these on either
side until they're golden brown crispy
on the outside and nice and tender on
the inside that nice little hint of
spice these are a great addition to any
breakfast YUM really simple and really
tasty and of course if you're not have
found a sweet potato you can leave that
out altogether and feel free to use
whichever herbs and spices that you like
but I really hope you give that recipe a
go thanks again for joining me have a
wonderful weekend and I'll see you all
on Monday